Azure Factors Affecting Cost Module - closes #266 (#816)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/azure/modules/cost-factors/README.md

Another example is **storage** such as **blob storage**.
The more **storage capacity** you use, the more you pay.
You also pay more depending on what type of redundancy your data requires, this is because creating **zone redundant storage** requires copies of your data within an availability zone.

## Ingress vs Egress

**Ingress** traffic, moving data on to Azure's cloud is free, which makes sense as they want to encourage us to use their services.
However, **Egress** traffic, moving data from Azure's cloud to somewhere else is **not** free.

Data egress is charge per GB and scales depending on how much data you wish to move per month.
It is still fairly cheap to move data from the cloud, however it is something to consider when deciding what data to store on the cloud.

## Tutorial

What factors will affect the cost of storing data in CosmosDB?

<details>
<summary>Answer</summary>

CosmosDB has no location variance on its price.

However, if you wish for your data to be regionally redundant it will cost you more.

The amount of data stored, and the provisioned throughput both affect the cost of storing data in CosmosDB.

> Moving data from CosmosDB outside of Azure's cloud will encur the standar egress charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving data from CosmosDB outside of Azure's cloud will incur the standard egress charges.
```

</details>

## Exercises

> There is more on pricing here [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/pricing/), scroll down to **pricing details by product** and see how some of the factors discussed affect the price of products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is more on pricing [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/pricing/), scroll down to **pricing details by product** and see how some of the factors discussed affect the price of products.
```
